we are in san siro a stadium that speaks even when it is empty salt the fever of
derby Sunday will be all full we enter the belly of the stadium in the
most secret places we enter the locker rooms come with us
let's start with the inter locker room
the locker room of the interest also collects as once deliberately polled
there is a big screen and on the walls there are the coats of arms of the 17uds and the
images of the Nerazzurri who made history
from facchetti and sheibe veleno lorenzi avon taught mazzola mateus
we are in the locker room because when the coach speaks he must
to be seen performed by all as on the other hand also happens to the Milan
murigno I feel very excited to open the wardrobe and there is an electronic board
to give
the last rights
and here are the 8 sweet two vast bathrooms with iced boiling water to help
muscle recovery
and there is also the ice machine
this is the massage room of the inter and this in the medical room
the atmosphere that they dance intent is to remember the history of Nerazzurri
this is morini's room a door closed technical staff took his
personal items cannot be entered
but there are above all his secrets we will find out only by living now we go
to the milan
tim
different from that evening at Milan
18 padded red and black armchairs 18 monitors 1 for each player + another
big screen
we are in Milan's locker room in this. Lion
arto will give the last directives before the derby
here hang your board for the final touches provided there is one
need
to the left
piro it and gattuso the Brazilians to the right
ready the derby begins
with
this is the home of beckham
sofas reflect a modern style
10 umbrella shower clear tiles Russian composers here too
the usual two tanks
and if the inter to the ice machine
there is the one for coffee
and here is the Rossoneri massage room
5 beds +1 electric
this is the coach's room but you can't enter
there are all the secrets of leonardo who knows how it will end